here is all the assignment that i need to do

web dev

overdue
Proposal (25th March 2024)
▪ Title of the Web Application
▪ Objectives of the project
▪ Specifications for the end user


done
Preliminary Drafts 
(8th April 2024)
▪ Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD)
▪ Data Dictionary
▪ Wireframes for the primary layouts of the web pages
▪ Flowchart
▪ Website Navigational Structure

alvan already did the ERD, Data Dictionary, Wireframes, Flowchart, Website navigational structure

whats needed to be done 

Final Report and Web Application Project Files 
(2nd June 2024)
The final report should include the following:
▪ Format:
o Typeface: Please use Times New Roman. You may use bold, italic, and
underlined text for emphasis and to enhance readability.
o Font size: The standard font size should be 12, except for titles and headings.
o Spacing: Maintain a spacing of 1.5 lines between the texts within a paragraph.
o Alignment: The text should be justified.
o Headers and footers can be utilized for additional information.
o The document should be numbered for easy reference.
o A cover page is required. Your cover page should include the following details:
- Your Name and ID
- Intake code
- Subject
- Project Title

Recommended Content
- Table of Contents: The table of contents should list each topic title along with
	its corresponding page number.
- Introduction/Project Plan: This section should introduce your project,
	including its objectives, scope, end-user specifications, and the major functions
	of the web application.
- Design: Please include the final version of Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD),
	Data Dictionary, Wireframes for the main layouts of the web pages, Flowchart
	and the Website Navigational Structure that aligned with the final
	implementation. Each component should be accompanied by an appropriate
	description.
- Implementation: This section should provide a detailed explanation of the
	source codes for the major features of the web application.
- User Guidance: Include screenshots of the user interface and descriptions of
	each.
- Conclusions: Summarize your project and discuss potential future
	enhancements.
- References: List all sources referenced in APA format.

PRESENTATION
▪ A presentation is scheduled to take place following the submission (Starting from week of
3
rd June 2024). The allocation of presentation slots will be announced as we approach the
end of the semester.



introuduction to software engineering

Date: 10th May 2024 (Friday)
Time: 11.59pm 
Submission: Moodle

Group 3 
Gabriel
wilson
enoch
king joe
tancel raj



system analysis and design

30th may 2024

tham king joe 
Li you 
Koot ming cheng 
choo wei seng 
nicholas

